I thought from
shots calm and on this cold wet day I'm
going to be making a little bit a light
lunch for us today and what I'm going to
do is make a pizza and what makes my
pizza a little bit light compared to
people you get from Domino's or Pizza
Hut or where we order it from is my
crust is going to be made out of
eggplants so this is a fun little recipe
that I found I discovered as I started
learning more and more about Julia
Child's who's actually hurt eggplant
pizza recipe it's a very easy to put
together the key here is really
preparing the eggplant and toppings you
can use whatever toppings you want and
today what I'm using are I have stacks
of pepperoni woohoo
I have very thinly sliced mushrooms and
dice up I'm in Olive a green olive you
can use black olives if you prefer I
have some thinly sliced red pepper and
some really thinly sliced gulls and
cherry tomatoes I'm also using shredded
mozzarella and grated Parmesan now the
nice thing about this is whatever
toppings you want to use if you prefer
sausage to pepperoni if you want to use
ground beef chicken if you want to use
basil go right ahead
you can use whatever you want because
it's your pizza you make it to what you
want it to taste like so I'm sticking
with you know the ingredients I have
today and right now what I'm going to do
is prepare the eggplant so let me clear
the area and we'll start working on that
all right my eggplant is wash it's ready
to go I've got my table flops here and
some paper towels a triple layer of
paper towels what you're going to do
right off the bat is you're just going
to cut off the ends of your eggplant you
don't want to use those so go ahead and
put them to the side and then what
you're going to do is you're going to
cut slice up your eggplant you want it
at least half an inch in thickness
because you are going to bake these but
you're just going to go ahead and slice
it and I'm not the most even a slicer
but you know something like this going
to be a little bit thinner but you don't
want to go below below half an inch I'm
going to go ahead and put these on the
paper towel as I
all right I have my eggplant slice what
I'm going to do now I'm going to take
the table salt and I'm going to go ahead
and salt the eggplant and I'm going to
salt both sides and what I'm doing here
is a plant tends at least to me and some
people has a bit of a bitter taste and
so what you do is you salt your eggplant
I'm going to flip them here and that's
the draw out the moisture from it and
basically that bitter taste so you salt
it and you're going to leave it for
about anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes
depending on the APA I'm going to leave
these for close to 30 minutes because of
how thick they are okay I have
everything salted I'm going to let them
sit for about 30 minutes and then when
we come back you'll see hopefully I'll
be able to show you as a moisture that's
on top that gets drawn out from the
eggplant alright it's been about 30
minutes I've got very very sweaty
eggplants and we'll try to insert a
picture so you can get an idea but if
you can see some of the water just
falling off of it and this spot is
extremely damp so what you do because
you've got some excess salts on there
and no liquid you just go ahead and wipe
them off and you just wipe everything
off to dry it off and get and and the
reason you're going to be doing that is
because the next step is going to be
this you're going to take a trusty
little brush you also have some olive
oil here or I do and it's a basting
olive oil I don't use extra virgin olive
oil because extra virgin is really meant
for using raw if you will on top of a
salad you eat it this one is for basting
and for cooking your meat so it's it has
a higher smoke point than the extra
virgin when it gets into the oven now
with a point you want to be careful I'm
only using about two tablespoons of
olive oil for this I'm just going to
brush it onto my eggplant now eggplant I
find are very very greedy little things
and they tend to really absorb your
olive oil so there's always a risk
of thinking you're going to put too much
on so you just want to go ahead and
brush it and then I have a pen at
slightly oils already so I'm just going
to go ahead and put my eggplant right on
there I'm going to cook it for about 15
minutes it might be a little bit longer
since I'm using a convection oven it
cooks faster but it could be anywhere
from 15 to 25 minutes depending if
you're using convection versus a regular
regular oven and what you're going to do
is you're going to put it at 375 to
soften it up but you don't want it to
get mushy that's really important but
you do want the eggplant to get soft
firm right now and when it's done then
you'll be able to start adding your
toppings onto your crust so with that
I'm gonna go ahead and get all these
other slices ready to go alright the
eggplant is out of the oven it's ready
now to get dressed to make the pizza so
what I'm using is I'm using my marinara
sauce that I made and I'll link to the
recipe below and all I did with this was
make it the normal way but I could
prefer about I took a batch out of my
cup of my container of it and I cooked
it for about 15 to 20 minutes longer in
a pan and what that does it evaporates
some of the excess moisture out of it so
it thickens up so it's ready to go pour
on top of the crust for my pizza so I'm
going to do is just take a just sort of
a dollop and you spread it around and
like pizzas I don't go all the way to
the edge and you just sort of dollop it
and spread it this is a big repeat so
I'm going to use a little bit more you
don't want to use a whole lot because
you know you don't want it the way to
the pizza to sort of make the to get the
eggplant accessible you don't want to
get it excessively soggy you don't want
it to be you know had too heavy for the
eggplant to support it so I'm just going
to go ahead and dress all of these with
the sauce first alright I have the sauce
on so now what I'm going to do is add in
my Parmesan cheese on top of it and this
you really want to get the cheese on and
then you want to just sort of smear it
you want to flatten it a little bit
and you definitely can be generous with
your cheese I'm a big favor in favor of
that already got my parmesan now what
I've got is a little bit of mozzarella
I'm going to come back with the
mozzarella again I'm going to put a
little bit on I'm going to top my topics
with the mozzarella that's what I'm
doing and lastly I'm going to come back
again wipe off my hands my fingers I'm
going to come back again with the
mozzarella and just to a little bit on
top so the cheese melts on top of my
toppings to what I'm going to do when I
get the cheese on it's going to go back
in the oven but it's going to go under
the broiler for about oh you know ten
minutes of even that you really just
want to do it until your cheese melts
all right
and so now what I'm going to do is get
this puppy under the broiler and it
should be ready in about 10 minutes for
some tasty pizza
alright the pizza's done is amazing it
looks awesome it smells great what I did
halfway through the boiling time was I
took the two I had it on a low broiler
setting so I took the the four pieces
that were on the outside because they
weren't as a crispy looking or the
cheese hadn't Brown the way I wanted it
to and I just move them to the inside to
give them a light browning and it smells
absolutely wonderful it takes less than
10 minutes once you get them under the
broiler and ready to go but it's a
perfect little snack they're delicious
you can serve them at parties if you
want and they also make a great lunch
too if it's just you and maybe a friend
or two so go ahead and give Julia
Child's recipe of eggplant pizza a try
trust me you won't regret it it tastes
just like pizza so until next time